I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time... like tears in rain... Time to die.
You've done a man's job, sir. I guess you're through, huh?
It's too bad she won't live! But then again, who does?
You're in a desert, walking along in the sand, when all of a sudden you look down...
It doesn't make any difference what desert, it's completely hypothetical.
Maybe you're fed up. Maybe you want to be by yourself. Who knows? You look down and see a tortoise, Leon. It's crawling toward you...
You know what a turtle is?
I've never seen a turtle... But I understand what you mean.
Do you make up these questions, Mr. Holden? Or do they write 'em down for you?
The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs trying to turn itself over, but it can't. Not without your help. But you're not helping.
They're just questions, Leon. In answer to your query, they're written down for me. It's a test, designed to provoke an emotional response... Shall we continue?
I don't know why he saved my life. Maybe in those last moments he loved life more than he ever had before. Not just his life - anybody's life; my life. All he'd wanted were the same answers the rest of us want. Where did I come from? Where am I going? How long have I got? All I could do was sit there and watch him die.
Fiery the angels fell. Deep thunder rolled around their shoulders... burning with the fires of Orc.
Describe in single words only the good things that come into your mind about... your mother.
Stop right where you are! You know the score, pal. You're not cop, you're little people!
Better if I talk to him in person. But I understand he's a sort of hard man to get to.
Not very sporting to fire on an unarmed opponent. I thought you were supposed to be good. Aren't you the \good\ man? C'mon, Deckard. Show me what you're made of.
We began to recognize in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up the experiences which you and I take for granted. If we gift them with a past, we create a cushion or a pillow for their emotions, and consequently, we can control them better.
They jumped a shuttle off-world, killed the crew and passengers. We found the shuttle drifting off the coast two weeks ago, so we know they're around.
No sir. Not embarrassing, because no one's ever going to find out they're down here. 'Cause you're gonna spot 'em and you're gonna air 'em out!
You could learn from this guy, Gaff. He's a goddamned one-man slaughterhouse, that's what he is. Four more to go!
 Remember when you were six? You and your brother snuck into an empty building through a basement window. You were going to play doctor. He showed you his, but when it got to be your turn you chickened and ran; you remember that? You ever tell anybody that? Your mother, Tyrell, anybody? Remember the spider that lived outside your window? Orange body, green legs. Watched her build a web all summer, then one day there's a big egg in it. The egg hatched...
